Death is the solution to all problems - No man. No problem.
The world is the problem; the atomic bomb is the answer.
Having a weapon is very different from actually using it.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
A smile don't cost nothing, sugar.
There's no unnecessary violence, only unnecessary weakness.
Love is trash, bitches need cash.
Give me a steak, medium-rare.
You are what you eat.
There is no spoon.
Spoon!
I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass, but I'm all out of bubblegum.
Well, hello there.
Kiss my shiny metal ass.
Be excellent to each other.
Party on, dudes!
All we are is dust in the wind, dude.
The cake is a lie.
You wouldn't steal a car.
Beam me up, Scotty.
Live long and prosper!
I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.
I'm a doctor, not an escalator.
I have been and always shall be your friend.
Khaaaaaannn!
I am not a merry man.
They may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom!
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
As if!
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Wax on, wax off.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
That’ll do, pig. That’ll do.
Good morning, Vietnam!
It’s alive! It’s alive!
Go ahead, make my day.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You’re my only hope.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
I’m also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
Hasta la vista, baby.
I'll be back.
I’ll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
Mama says, ‘Stupid is as stupid does.'
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.
I’m the king of the world!
Shaken, not stirred.
What we’ve got here is a failure to communicate.
Roads? Where we’re going we don’t need roads.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
You’ve got to ask yourself one question: ‘Do I feel lucky?’ Well, do ya punk?
Say hello to my little friend!
Show me the money!
Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys.
Oh Captain, my captain.
Mrs. Robinson, you’re trying to seduce me, aren’t you?
I am serious. And don’t call me Shirley.
Here’s Johnny!
There’s no crying in baseball!
You had me at hello.
Houston, we have a problem.
One small step for man, on giant leap for mankind.
To infinity and beyond!
Yippie-ki-yay, motherfucker!
E.T. phone home.
You can't handle the truth!
I see dead people.
We’ll always have Paris.
This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
I’ll have what she’s having.
Why so serious?
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I am your father.
You do not talk about Fight Club.
There’s no place like home.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.
Toto, I’ve a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore.
May the Force be with you.
You’re gonna need a bigger boat.
Here’s looking at you, kid.
Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn.
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
I feel the need—the need for speed!
Attica! Attica!
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make.
Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
I just can't do that, Dave.
Soylent Green is people!
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!
Well, here's another nice mess you've gotten me into!
Greed, for lack of a better word, is good.
La-dee-da, la-dee-da.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?
Just keep swimming.
I have squandered my resistance for a pocket full of mumbles, such are promises
Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see.
How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man?
Fuck you I won't do what you tell me. 
You've got to fight for your right to party!
If ignorance is bliss, then knock the smile of my face.
They’re sharing a drink they call loneliness, but it’s better than drinking alone
You’re so vain. You probably think this song is about you.
Love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night.
We're Putting the Band Back Together.
We're on a Mission from God!
It's 106 Miles to Chicago. We've Got a Full Tank of Gas, Half a Pack of Cigarettes, It's Dark, and We're Wearing Sunglasses.
I Hate Illinois Nazis.
Bring Me Four Fried Chickens and a Coke.
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
It's a trap!
I’m one with the Force. The Force is with me.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
These aren’t the droids you’re looking for.
It’s over, Anakin. I have the high ground.
Never tell me the odds!
That's no moon.
Negative, I am a meat popsicle.
Leeloo Dallas multipass.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
All that glitters is not gold.
To be or not to be: that is the question
All the world’s a stage
I cannot tell what the dickens his name is
Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
What’s in a name? A rose by any name would smell as sweet
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
When I’m sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead.
New is always better!
Suit up!
Nothing’s legendary without your friends there to see it.
It’s going to be legen - wait for it - and I hope you’re not lactose-intolerant cause the second half of that word is - dairy!
Tis but a scratch.
What is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place.
It's only a model.
He’s not the Messiah – he’s a very naughty boy.
It's just a flesh wound.
All right, but apart from the sanitation, medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, the fresh water system and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us?
Now go away, or I shall taunt you a second time!
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
This parrot is no more! It has ceased to be! It's expired and gone to meet its maker. This is an ex-parrot!
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Never give up. Never surrender.
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
So many books, so little time.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Well done is better than well said.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
What I am looking for is a blessing not in disguise.
I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with ’em later.
My mother always used to say: The older you get, the better you get, unless you’re a banana.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society.
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Doh!
Me Fail English? That's Unpossible.
Shoplifting Is A Victimless Crime. Like Punching Someone In The Dark.
Everything’s Coming Up Milhouse!
Worst. Episode. Ever.
It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
I don’t care what you think of me, unless you think I’m awesome. In which case, you are right.
There’s only one Miss Piggy, and she is moi!
It’s nice to be important, but it’s important to be nice.
It's not easy being green.
What should you do if someone gives you a large boulder as a present? Take it for granite! Wocka! Wocka!
Maybe we should add more special effects like exploding socks.
Why does everyone always blame dogs?
Bork, bork, bork
Did something just fly off my gorram ship?
Yes. Yes, this is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We will rule over all this land, and we will call it... "This Land.".
Ah, curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Sweetie, we're crooks. If everything were right, we'd be in jail.
Yessir, Captain Tight Pants.
Here lies my beloved Zoë, my autumn flower, somewhat less attractive now she's all corpsified and gross.
Mighty fine shindig.
I swear by my pretty floral bonnet, I will end you.
It's my estimation that every man ever got a statue made of him was one kind of sumbitch or another.
If I had wanted schooling, I'da gone to school. 
Avengers, assemble!
Nothing goes over my head. My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it.
I love you 3,000.
So Dawn's in trouble. Must be Tuesday.
I seem to be having a slight case of nudity here.
Stop touching my magic bone!
From beneath you, it devours.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
It's a basic truth of the human condition that everybody lies. The only variable is about what.
You can't always get what you want.
There's no I in 'team'. There is a me, though, if you jumble it up.
Ah, arrogance and stupidity all in the same package. How efficient of you!
I'll put a bucket on my head and pretend to be the ancient Vorlon god Booji.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant... but scary.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
Dobby is free.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Honey, just cause I talk slow doesn't mean I'm stupid.
You're a wizard, Harry.
Are you not entertained?
With great power comes great responsibility.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Great Scott!
Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?
I have had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane!
This was a triumph. I'm making a note here: "Huge success"
Wow, sarcasm, that's original.
I hold a PhD. in horribleness.
You must construct additional pylons.
What do you want, you moon-faced assassin of joy?
The avalanche has started, it is too late for the pebbles to vote.
There comes a time when you look into the mirror and realize that what you see is all that you will ever be. Then you accept it, or you kill yourself. Or you stop looking into mirrors.
We are all slaves to our histories. If there is to be a bright future, we must learn to break those chains.
I am Grey. I stand between the candle and the star. We are Grey. We stand between the darkness and the light.
War. War never changes.
Thank you Mario! But our princess is in another castle!
Stay a while and listen.
I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow in the knee.
You have died of dysentery.
When life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons!
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
It's more important to master the cards you're holding than to complain about the ones your opponents were dealt.
Does this unit have a soul?
Science isn't about why! It’s about why not!
Do a barrel roll!
Hey! Listen!
Grass grows, birds fly, sun shines, and brother, I hurt people.
Wake me up before you go go.
We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret. But I think we can put our differences behind us. For science. You monster.
Finish him!
It's a-me, Mario!
It’s dangerous to go alone! Take this. 🗡️
Nothing is more badass than treating a woman with respect!
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
Where words fail, music speaks.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Our coming of age has come and gone.
So when you look at me, you better look hard and look twice. Is that me, baby, or just a brilliant disguise?
My soul is painted like the wings of butterflies. Fairytales of yesterday grow, but never die. I can fly, my friends.
Father, father, we don't need to escalate. You see, war is not the answer. For only love can conquer hate. You know we've got to find a way to bring some lovin' here today.
Did you see the frightened ones? Did you hear the falling bombs? Did you ever wonder why we had to run for shelter when the promise of a brave new world unfurled beneath a clear blue sky?
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor.
The storms are raging on the rolling sea and on the highway of regret. The winds of change are blowing wild and free. You ain't seen nothing like me yet.
I was born by the river in a little tent. Oh, and just like the river, I've been runnin' ever since.
"I see friends shaking hands, saying, 'How do you do.' They're really saying, 'I love you.'
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl. Year after year, running over the same old ground. What have we found?
Did you ever know that you're my hero? You're everything I wish I could be.
Many times I've been alone, and many times I've cried. Anyway, you'll never know the many ways I've tried. And still they lead me back to the long, winding road.
It’s better to feel pain than nothing at all. The opposite of love is indifference.
Son, can you play me a memory? I'm not really sure how it goes. But it's sad and it's sweet and I knew it complete when I wore a younger man's clothes.
You can't always get what you want. But, if you try sometime, you find you get what you need.
They told me all of my cages were mental, so I got wasted like all my potential.
May you grow up to be righteous. May you grow up to be true. May you always know the truth, and see the light surrounding you. May you always be courageous, stand upright and be strong.
I always think that everything could be a trap, which is why I’m still alive.
In my day, television was called ‘a book.'
There’s a shortage of perfect breasts in the world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
Good night, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I’ll most likely kill you in the morning.
Ludicrous Speed, Go!
Yogurt! Yogurt! I hate Yogurt! Even with strawberries!
I see your Schwartz is as big as mine. Now, let's see how well you handle it.
I am your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate.
Now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.
That was my virgin alarm. It's programmed to go off before you do.
You're ugly when you're angry!
Come with me if you want to live.
What is best in life? To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women!
When does the hurting stop?
We dinosaurs are doomed. I just know it.
Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy wuzzy had no hair. So Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
Blast 'em all and let the archeologists sort 'em out!
I love it when a plan comes together.
Hang on, everybody - I wanna try something I saw in a cartoon once!
By Grabthar's hammer, you shall be avenged.
By Grabthar’s hammer, what a savings.
Cancel the kitchen scraps for lepers and orphans, no more merciful beheadings, and call off Christmas.
I will cut his heart our with a spoon!
I pitty the fool.
Look, I have one job on this lousy ship. It's stupid, but I'm going to do it, okay?
Red thingy moving toward the green thingy. Red thingy moving toward the green thingy!
My hair! He shot my hair! Son of a bitch!
May the Schwartz be with you.
My ass may be dumb, but I ain't no dumbass.
Anyone who tells you money can't buy happiness never had any.
Girl, don't make me put my foot in your ass.
It's my duty to please that booty.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
Behind every great man is a woman. Telling him he's not so hot.
Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason.
No amount of evidence will ever persuade an idiot
Tis Better to sit there and look the fool, than to open your mouth and prove it.
If we were meant to talk more than listen, we would have two mouths and one ear.
The more I learn about people, the more I like my dog.
I hate the word homophobia. It's not a phobia. You are not scared. You are an asshole.
It simply isn't an adventure worth telling if there aren't any dragons.
Just because we have the best hammer does not mean that every problem is a nail.
I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it.
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings.
You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap!
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
